Updated Readme and Profile template (#57)
WomenWhoCode/WWCodeGreenville: README.md

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

There are a ton of great repos out there to contribute to, but this one was made for the members of WWCodeGreenville to help build and develop their skills along with building the community.

But why?
* WomenWhoCode's mission is to help women succeed in technology careers, and what better way to do that than to actively contribute!
* Your time should be focused on creating something amazing. This repo is made to help accomplish that with clearly defined issues for all skill levels.

If there are any questions, please let us know. :smile:

<!-- BUILT WITH -->
### Built With
We are still getting started with this project, but what we have so far will be listed below.
* [Ruby on Rails](https://rubyonrails.org/)
* More to Come!

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

<!-- Hacktoberfest 2023 -->
## 🎃 Hacktoberfest 2023
- 🍴 To get started, fork this repository.
- 👯‍♀️ Clone the repo to your computer.
- 👩🏽‍💻 Participate by closing our open issues and contributing to the docs.

> - 🤓 You must make 4 PR (pull requests) and have 4 MR (merge requests) to complete the challenge!

Reviewer: @JenBauer can you update this to 
```suggestion
- 🤓 You must have 4 PRs (pull requests) merged to complete the challenge!
```

Reviewer: The actual wording is:

>  _YOUR PR/MRS MUST BE MERGED, HAVE THE “HACKTOBERFEST-ACCEPTED” LABEL, OR HAVE AN OVERALL APPROVING REVIEW._

so I'd be fine w/adjusting this too
